https://pixelfrog-assets.itch.io/tiny-swords

I've got a new asset pack from Tiny Swords, which is basically an asset pack with a lot of small parts. Now the Tiny Swords pack is basically split for a top-down 2D real-time strategy game. But I plan to make a 2D auto battler, top-down 2D auto battler, basically where the enemies will go close to each other and they will attack. Where the main character will go close to the enemy character, then attack, and then win or whatever. It's a free pack, it's CC0 licensed, so it's all open source. I have also paid for a small part, there is another part which I will again pay for and get a license for it. The tilemap grid is 64x64 pixel, and the animation speed is 10 frames per second or 100 milliseconds. The license is permissive to use in commercial projects as well as personal projects. It's from Pixelfrog Assets. I plan to make this 2D top-down auto battler. Now for this auto battler, I want a large open world using the tile map, I want a nice UI, and I want a health for the main character who is basically like a knight or one of the soldiers. I want one of the knights/soldiers to just move around right? and I want him to be special colored, maybe I want him to be purple or maybe blue or something like that. So when he goes and goes around the map, he will find other units that he can go and fight with. If he wins the fight, he can choose to inspire and bring him into the army. That's basically inspired by right-click to necromance, which is another game where units will basically talk to each other. Once they talk to each other in right-click to necromance, when they get defeated, the dead units will resurrect and become a part of your army. That's the inspiration. So I want to use the same thing, I want to use a 2D open world, and I want quite a few trees, rocks, and all these other features across the map. I want a beautiful tile map with a few multiple layers if possible. There is a website link as well for Pixelfrog Assets that I would like you to look at. That's about it, so I want you to basically create this game for me. First things first, I just want a 2D top-down character like a knight which is walking animated on a background.
